# Transcript

**Date:** December 1, 2025 at 01:37  
**Duration:** 5:32  
**Confidence:** 93%  
**Speakers:** 2

---

## A

`0:01` I'm starting to think about ways that the reputation system could work. Right. Because it's this system where I send, where I basically do a bug bounty. Right. I pay something to be able to submit, right. But if it gets accepted or if it gets appreciated, right. Then they pay me something back. Right. It's kind of like a reward, but I spend something to participate, right. To cut down on spam. Right. But then if I get a reward, right, basically there's a bounty. Right. And I think that people won't. I don't think that people care about turning into cash or buying their groceries with that. Right. It really is like a reputation system. Yeah, right. But tokens are actually great for that. Like you can't buy anything with your stack overflow reputation either, right? Yeah, right. People still spend a lot of time trying to build it up because it's for flex and for cred and like for, you know, to show that they're like, you know, you know, that they're awesome. You know, people are into that. People spend a lot of time doing that. Right. So what I thought is that if you maintain a project, right, your rewards could be worth more based on how many GitHub stars your project has. So basically, you know, if I make a contribution to a very small open source project, they might reward me and that would be fine. But if I make a contribution to a big, very well known, high start GitHub project, like those rewards would be like more valuable. Yeah. You see what I mean? And so there's sort of like a meta reward system here and you could also say like lifetime earned as your sort of earned score. Right. But then you also use those tokens because you're going to like submit or you're going to give them out as rewards. Right? So if you do that, if you give them out like you still earned. I earned 100 rewards, but I gave out 50 of them. Right. The amount that you give out could be also a measure of involvement, community involvement. Right. Because I'm sort of like, I'm not just like answering questions for people. I'm also like involved in the community and I'm handing out, I'm taking a contribution towards bringing other people up and like, you know, incorporating their feedback and things like that. Right. So there could be a way that like, not only it's kind of like a karma ratio where I give some and I get some, you know, and those stats together might tell you something about the person or their level of involvement or, you know, where they are. And I bet that if you, I bet that you could construct like a developer rating, like an open source developer rating on that basis. It's almost like a page rank for developers, right? Where you, where you could really like see where people stand and judge how good they are and how much they have actually contributed, right? Yeah. So I think it could actually be like a really huge idea. And actually unicity actually was perfect for that because you can mint coins, they don't have any value, right? But they do have cryptographic certainty, right? So if I'm a maintainer, I can just mint more coins that are related to my project, right? I can mint as many as I need. If I need a bunch more, I can give them out, right? People can make requests or they can give feedback and then I can give them out as rewards, basically. Do you see what I mean? And maybe if some projects are more free with that than others, then you can do a proportional thing where people, you know, it's like your percentage of the total number of GitHub stars that you got anyway, there's ways that you could, you could kind of regulate it and make it into like, like normalize the, the score of it. See what I mean? So I think, I think, I think it's a pretty cool idea. And actually unicity at, at the heart of it is actually like a really good thing. It's like actually a killer use case for unicity because it's the cheap, the tokens are cheap. Like anyone can mint them. They don't really cost that much. Like they don't really have any super value from doing that with other ones. What?


## B

`4:37` They're just like, instead of saying like, oh, I don't like unity. I'm going to do that just like Bramble Fumble.


## A

`4:46` Because. Well, first of all, unicity can send them completely offline. Like, they don't need to be. You don't need to go to the blockchain. So you can do it really quickly, right? Also because you can mint them very easily for a low cost, right? I think that's an advantage. You could probably do it with other blockchains, just to be clear. Right. But I think unicity is a really good fit. Like it, basically it's an excellent use case for something like unicity, more so than other blockchains that I have seen. I can't say more than that. I can't say that it's impossible. And you can only do it on unicity. I can't, but, but you could do it better on unicity. And easier on unicity than you could on other ones, and definitely cheaper, you know? Okay.
